[electrical crackling]
[humming]
[upbeat rhythmic music plays]
[engine roars]
[tires squeal]
-[dramatic music plays]
-[engine roars]
Come on!
No! I lost him!
I got eyes on him.
-So do I!
-[Frostee] I see it too!
I got this.
[Tony] Thought you could get away from me
didn't you, Dr. Honkensquonk?
Get back here.
[Tony] Gotcha!
Woohoo! Make it rain!
[Tony] Yeah! Woohoo!
Alright, Team Toretto got another one!
-[groans] Why did we go with that name?
-Too late! I already typed it in.
When I heard the city was closing the
streets so y'all could play a dumb game,
I thought it sounded, well, dumb.
-But now, I'm digging it!
-[Frostee] Right, about that...
The city may or may not know
we're playing a game,
so if anyone asks,
this is mission critical.
Oh, and also,
Mitch is part of our team now.
Yeah! We're gonna win this thing!
[Cisco] You know what they say:
teamwork makes the dream work.
No one says that,
and if they do, they shouldn't.
[bleeping]
Congrats, Monster Manglers!
You've caught all the Grizwalkers,
which means,
you've unlocked the highest level.
Meet the manliest man-bun of them all:
Bunzilla!
[dinosaur] Catch this guy
and you'll win the game.
But it won't be easy.
It's got mega kicks,
and an army of mini-bun guards.
-Let's do it!
-[Layla] Yeah! Get 'em!
[Tony] Come on, get 'em!
[Mitch] Whoa!
-[video game music plays]
-How do I work this thing?
Can I drive over it?
[engine roars]
[brakes squeal]
[video game music fades]
-[engine revs]
-[brakes squeal]
I'm, uh, playing a game.
Quit looking at me!
[video game music resumes]
Wait, where'd he go?
-[Gary] There. The corner!
-What corner?
Duh! The corner of the street.
[Cisco] I don't see it.
What are you talking about, Gary?
[Frostee] Julius!
Are you guys seeing something?
-[mellow music plays]
-You're right! It is a corner piece.
-[racers clamoring over watch]
-[Echo] Watch out, man!
I must have accidentally turned this on
when I was stirring the lemonade.
[sighs]
They're so overstimulated
from that video game madness.
Ooh! Nice match, Gares!
Palindrome is gonna be so proud of us
for decreasing our screen time,
and thereby, increasing our brain mass.
By the time he gets back from
his mission with Ms. Nowhere,
my brain is gonna be a whopper!
[hip hop music plays]
[exclaims] Darn it!
[Echo] I got eyes on the buns.
[grunts]
[mini-buns chirrup]
[groans] Stupid mini-buns!
[groans]
[tires squeal]
[Layla exclaims]
[grunts]
Ooh, I'm gonna blast those follicles
just like Aunt Marta's unibrow!
[Frostee] Ew...
She still makes you do that?
Uh, yeah. It's oddly relaxing.
[mini-buns chirrup]
-[grunts]
-[tires squeal]
-[groans]
-Frostee's got this!
[laughs]
[mini-buns chirrup]
[groans] There's too many minis
protecting this hairy dude.
We got to take out the little guys.
-Best plan is to divide and conquer.
-Good idea, T.
We separate, wipe out all the mini-buns,
then meet back together
to take down Bunzilla as a team.
Yeah, dude!
Let's whip some hair back and forth!
[hip hop music plays]
[mini-buns chirrup]
Ha-ha! I followed you up here!
Thanks for all the points!
Yo! So uncool!
You must think it's opposite day,
because I'm the coolest.
Uh...
[Layla] Over there!
Let's get 'em!
Huh? Whoa!
No! My rockets!
[music intensifies]
[gasps]
Remember, after we take down Bunzilla,
we gotta get the coins at the same time
to all get the points. [grunts]
Guys! I think I can get him.
[music intensifies]
[grunts]
[tires squeal]
Think you're such a hotshot, Bunzilla?
[bleeping]
Woohoo! Make it rain!
-[video game music plays]
-Winner, winner, Bunzilla dinner!
You collected the most points.
Congratulations!
[dinosaur] Yay!
You bet I did, T-Spex!
[chiming]
Ugh.
[vocalizing]
What's the matter, guys?
Team Toretto just did it!
Uh, no! Just Toretto did it.
We didn't get any coins.
You took them all.
Wait, really?
[all groan]
[dramatic music plays]
The time has arrived. The final piece!
-We've come so far!
-[Gary sighs]
I almost don't want it to end.
[Julius] You put it in.
-[voice breaking] You deserve it.
-You take it.
-You are the true hero of this puzzle!
-[door opens]
[groans] I didn't do anything wrong, okay?
Maybe I accidentally collected
all the coins. I was just excited.
You get excited a lot, T.
Maybe too excited, too much.
Yeah. Funny how you're always the one
scooping up the final monster
or landing the last shot,
while we're all driving around
catching the mini-buns.
You only focused on Bunzilla.
And we took out dumb Mitch for you.
I almost wish he would have won instead.
[gasps]
You don't mean that!
-[Layla groans]
-Maybe we do.
Yeah! There's no "me" in "team", Tony.
Okay, there is an M and an E
that can make a "me,"
but they're not in the right order!
You've got Cisco trying to spell!
That's how upset he is!
You guys are upset over nothing.
It was just a game.
-[stirring music plays]
-[both grunt]
Guys, it goes here.
You... [splutters]
...finished the puzzle!
-You're welcome.
-[Gary] But, um...
Well, Tony...
The last piece is sort of
the most important piece.
What? It's just another piece.
There's 1,000 of them.
Toretto did it again.
-I'm not surprised.
-[sighs] What did I do?
You let everyone do all the hard work,
and then swooped down
to put the last piece in.
Yeah, you take all the glory,
and you do this all the time.
No, I don't.
All. The. Time.
You're a glory hog!
A thunder stealer!
Yeah, a diaper baby!
Okay, maybe that doesn't fit,
but you guys took all the better insults.
Nah, Cisco. It fits.
I'm sorry I can't give you the points.
You know I'm all about my family.
Yeah. Your family.
What does that even mean?
Look, just know that it was
Team Toretto that got the win today.
Team Toretto.
Why do you keep repeating things I say,
but making them sound bad?
-[phone ringing]
-Hello?
[all groan]
-[T-Spex] Congratulations, winner!
-Huh?
[T-Spex] You managed to wrangle
the elusive Bunzilla!
But are you ready to race
on our toughest level yet?
This challenge is only for
the best of the best.
Download the coordinates, and show up
at the location within the hour.
Who's on the phone?
Oh, that? Uh, th-that was
just my, uh, my periodontist.
Good news!
I don't have gum disease! [chuckles]
Anyway, gotta go.
What? Where?
Uh, well, I, uh,
I have to go to the store.
We're low on everything.
I stocked up the fridge 500 pieces ago.
[chuckling] And you forgot the
pickle mayonnaise, you little goofball.
I love pickle mayonnaise.
Gotta go. See ya. Bye-bye.
Be back when I'm back. Love ya!
Do-over, my friend.
The moment is gone.
[hip hop music plays]
Mitch! I thought
Layla and Echo took you out.
How did you make it to the championship?
-Uh, with my skills.
-You bought cheat codes, didn't you?
Skills...
[phone ringing]
[T-Spex] Welcome to
the championship level.
You are now a part of the elite.
But if you thought
wrangling the Bunzilla was tough,
oh, you ain't seen nothing yet!
Meet your next catch.
-[tires squeal]
-[electronic music plays]
[Tony] Who is behind that wheel?
Huh?
Meet R.O.A.M.
Road On-the-Go Automated Mobile.
This is the latest
in self-driving technology.
R.O.A.M. likes to do just that:
roam around.
[laughs]
-Good one, T-Spex. Roam!
-[groans]
[laughs] Oh, this dinosaur is killing it.
[T-Spex] Think of R.O.A.M. as
a wild horse who must be broken.
You, the best of the best
Champion Players,
must chase R.O.A.M., trap it, and tame it.
Any questions?
Yeah. When you say "tame it,"
how does that work?
-[T-Spex] Great! It's game on.
-[grunts]
[T-Spex] Whoever catches R.O.A.M.
will be crowned the ultimate driver
in unlocking a new mind-bending race.
Oh yeah, baby! Click click! [chuckles]
That's the sound of me opening the lock.
Huh?
Keep up... if you can.
[hip-hop music plays]
[gasps]
[groans, gasps]
Gotcha!
[Tony] What in the...
-[dramatic music plays]
-Hey, Toretto!
Miss us?
-What's up?
-Where's the pickle mayonnaise?
What are you doing here?
[Layla] It wasn't hard to figure out your
grocery store run was full of baloney.
-[Echo] You're a terrible liar.
-[Frostee] Weak sauce story, man.
[Cisco] I repeat,
where's the pickle mayonnaise, man?
[pants] It's delicious on sourdough.
You'd think the pickle and sourdough combo
would make it too sour, but it is not!
-[Tony] How did you get here?
-[Frostee] Hacked the game.
That's cheating.
Am I the only one who earned this?
You didn't earn this.
It was a team effort!
So you're here to support me?
[all laugh]
We're not here to help you. We're here
to find out who the best driver really is.
Yeah, you taught me a lot, Tony.
The most important thing being:
playing as a team is for chumps.
Steal my thunder once, shame on you.
Steal it twice, I'll cut you.
You and Ms. Nowhere
really like to make sayings your own.
Every driver for themselves.
Except for me and Cisco.
Doesn't that make you two a team?
No, we're partners. So eat our dust!
[fast-paced music plays]
♪ Popular ♪
♪ I'd rather win losing friends
Than be popular ♪
♪ Popular ♪
Time to go fishing.
♪ I'd rather win losing friends
Than be popular ♪
What the heck?
Predictable, Toretto.
I knew what you were gonna do.
[laughs]
♪ I am the driver
I'll take you higher ♪
[music continues]
[grunts]
♪ Some people innovate
Some people copy that ♪
♪ I'd rather win losing friends
Than be popular ♪
♪ Some people innovate
Some people copy that ♪
♪ I'd rather win losing friends
Than be popular ♪
♪ Popular ♪
Watch the road, R.O.A.M.!
Now I got you.
♪ Popular ♪
♪ I'd rather win losing friends
Than be popular ♪
[groans] Echo!
Bull's-eye.
♪ I'd rather win losing friends
Than be popular ♪
♪ Popular ♪
♪ I'd rather win losing friends
Than be popular ♪
♪ Popular ♪
♪ I'd rather win losing friends ♪
-[crashing]
-Hey!
Mitchy's back.
-[crashing]
-[grunts]
[Layla] Don't steal the credit, Mitch.
I nailed a two-fer.
That's for boxing me out.
Punch it, Cisco.
[electronic music plays]
If we get close enough,
maybe my drones can break in
through the windshield and take over.
[music intensifies]
-[Tony] I don't think so.
-[Frostee] We were here first!
[Layla] Out of my way!
[Frostee] Move it or lose it!
[ominous music plays]
Oh, yes! I did it! I won!
I tamed the horse,
or whatever the dinosaur said.
Where's my points at?
[whirring]
[engine revs]
-[electronic music plays]
-[crackling, whirring]
What's happening?
I think Mitch's car
became the R.O.A.M. car.
No way!
R.O.A.M. isn't the car, it's an AI!
-[gasps]
-And it can jump into any car?
-[engine roars]
-[wheels spin]
Oh, come on! My tacos are in there.
[music continues]
Guys, I don't think
the objective is to catch the car.
It's to catch the AI.
Frostee, I know you're already
trying to hack into this thing.
-[bleeping]
-[chuckles] No...
-[Echo] You ever seen anything like this?
-Not really.
Even with Skeleton Key and zombie cars,
there was always
a person controlling them.
This is artificial intelligence
so powerful that--
-[bleeping]
-[gasps]
It just shut me down.
It sounds like something
Ms. Nowhere would want to see.
And we'll let her see it...
After the best driver catches it.
Got you now!
-[whirring]
-[engine revs]
Aw, dang it!
[Layla grunts]
Toretto!
[music intensifies]
[groans]
Watch it, Toretto!
You did it too, Layla!
Yeah, you ran
Mitch into me earlier, Layla.
Never forget, never forgive.
You are all horrible people.
-I hate everybody!
-But especially Tony.
He's always like, "Look at me.
I'm a Toretto. I race to win.
Blah blah, vroom vroom."
I don't say "vroom." What am I, a car?
No, you're a pig.
Glory hog!
This game's not a team sport,
so outta my way!
There can only be one winner,
and it's gonna be me!
And Cisco.
That one winner is gonna be me.
Me! Race to win the Toretto way.
[Frostee] Me! And Cisco!
[Tony] Enough!
-I give, okay? I'm sorry.
-[soft music plays]
I shouldn't have joined the race
without you guys.
-Is that what you want to hear?
-It's a start.
[spluttering] Do you need me to say
that I'm nothing without you,
that I can't even
tie my shoelaces by myself?
He does struggle with the bunny ears.
[spluttering] If the laces are the ears,
is the shoe the head?
Where's the tail?
Look, the truth is,
maybe I joined this race
because I wanted to know
how good I was on my own, just to see.
It turns out, not that good.
Well, we were actively trying to stop you.
-And we're pretty good at that, as a team.
-You still wanna win this thing, Toretto?
[stirring music plays]
Just know, if you stab us
in the back again,
we have the right to stab you in the eye.
You are a scary lady.
Let's win this, Team Toretto.
Still hate that name.
How about:
♪ Spy Racers ♪
You know, like my song?
Yuh-huh.
[music intensifies]
[Tony] Here's the plan. We get R.O.A.M.
to roam into a car that can't move.
First, we get it to follow us over
to Mitch's busted ride.
[suspenseful music plays]
-[engine revs]
-[gasps]
-Yo, where are you going, T?
-You guys get this one.
[Frostee] It's going over the edge!
[Tony] No, it's not.
-[engine roars]
-[tires squeal]
[music intensifies]
Come on...
[grunts]
[panting, grunting]
[groans]
[engine slowly stops]
-[video game music plays]
-[T-Spex] Congratulations!
-You have successfully taken over R.O.A.M.
-[gasps]
Yes! Yeah! And this time,
we did it as a family.
[all cheer]
-[T-Spex] Now, say goodbye to LA.
-[gasps]
[T-Spex] Hope you're ready
for your prize...
-The final mind-bending race.
-[strains]
Final?
What the...
[T-Spex] That's right,
because you're never coming home again!
-[T-Spex chuckles]
-What? Guys!
[Tony] Guys, it's a trick!
Tony!
This better not be
a ploy to keep the points to himself.
Seriously?
What? I'm the only one who thought that?
The man did lie about pickle mayonnaise.
Come on! We got to get Tony back.
[suspenseful music plays]
[munching] This game is dumb.
What? My car?
And my tacos!
Oh, no!
-My car, and my tacos!
-[dramatic music plays]
Toretto! I want my car and tacos!
[vocalizing]
♪ We run the world like a family ♪
♪ Speed it up, cause together we ♪
♪ We ride out, ride out
Chase the legacy ♪
♪ Ride out, got the whole squad
Yeah, we on the go ♪
♪ Ghost ride the whip
As our tires smoke ♪
♪ And the crew stay tight
Yeah, everybody knows ♪
♪ We just having fun
Cause this is how we roll ♪
[vocalizing]
♪ We ride out, ride out
Chase the legacy ♪